[Music]
hey get ready for some really useful
stuff how to stop annoying spam calls
emails and texts so are you looking for
a super discounted luxury watch or bag
that you can only buy today and one
particular store but then again it's not
like you really need any special deals
now that you've won the lottery and are
one step away from a new life if any of
this sounds familiar to you you must be
one of millions of people worldwide that
receives spam before you find out how to
get rid of unwanted solicitation for
good click that subscribe button and
ring the notification bell to join us on
the bright side alright how to stop spam
emails do you open your inbox define 203
unread messages most of which you
weren't looking forward to you're not
alone according to spam laws comm 45% of
all emails are actually spam that's
fourteen point five billion messages
every day worldwide so here's what you
can do to protect your inbox from all
that number one setup spam filters email
clients do take an active part in the
war on spam most of them automatically
detect suspicious-looking messages and
send them directly to the spam folder
before you ever see them but you can
help the sorting process by confirming
or denying the automated spam selection
when you open an email that wasn't
marked as spam hit the report spam or
similarly name button instead of just
deleting it if you find a harmless
message in the spam folder
do the opposite and mark it not spam you
can also choose to block certain senders
from preventing them from spamming you
again play around with your email
settings to ensure good
an accurate protection number to protect
your email address the easiest way to
protect your email is to give it only to
people or companies you trust create a
secondary email to book hotels or shop
online and never enter your primary one
on public pages in surveys or to set up
accounts on any websites except for
official purposes if you absolutely have
to share your email write it the long
way Jane Doe at Google's email service
this way people will get it but bots
will fail to scan it in case you don't
want to create a whole second account
you can try using variations of your
existing address Gmail for example
doesn't mind dots which means that Jane
Doe at gmail.com and Jane Doe at
gmail.com are the same thing to it you
can use this to your advantage by
creating a filter that sends messages
received at the node address to a
separate folder this way you can type
one of the options everywhere online and
keep the second one private you can
create this sort of filter in your email
settings 3 try third party extensions
there are apps for everything these days
and filtering spam is no exception
most services basically set up a smarter
filtering system for your email after
you give them the address these filters
will adjust to your own preferences some
apps also let you report these no-good
spammers to internet providers in order
to stop their activity number 4
unsubscribe from newsletters
[Music]
what you see a span out of nowhere could
actually be newsletters you've
personally subscribed to at one point
while shopping online or agreeing to
some company's policy without reading it
yeah we all do that don't we instead of
just deleting all those messages try
unsubscribing from them for good it'll
take some time and effort since a lot of
companies deliberately hide the
unsubscribe option in fine print at the
bottom of their emails but it is worth
it most companies will actually respect
your choice and stop sending their
newsletters to you some email clients
help you unsubscribe by finding the
magical hidden button and taking it to
the top of the page then all you have to
do is click it and remove all checks in
your subscriptions services like
unrolled out may let you unsubscribe
from all newsletters at once by
organizing them in one table 5 read the
message before you even open it most
email services let you preview the
beginning of the email anything that
tells you you've won the lottery
regards jewelry or inherited millions of
dollars is most likely to be spammed
sorry the same goes for messages
containing misspellings and bizarre
wording punctuation or formatting if
that's the case don't hesitate to throw
it in the spam box
six never click on any links and emails
whoops in case you happen to open that
spam email
don't take it any further only click
URLs and emails you're expected to get
from a credible source even if it comes
from your friend it's better to
double-check and ask them if they really
sent you something to click on how to
stop spam texts spam texts are taking up
your phone storage and making your cell
go crazy every five minutes are no less
annoying than spam emails in fact
they're probably more irritating
fortunately there are some tips to stop
them as well
[Music]
what never ever reply to them predicting
how you'll feel about them
spam textures often include something
like text stop to be removed from the
mailing list in their messages no
they're not being kind and considerate
it's simply a way to make you respond to
the message and confirm you're a real
person with an active phone number then
they'll sell your number to some
insurance company or other malicious
marketers that will bombard you with
more texts and calls so don't ever
respond to spam texts or click any links
in them to forward spam text to 77026
you can help fight spam by reporting
those that send it out all you have to
do is forward the unwanted message to
seven seven to six if you try dialing
this combination you'll see that it
reads spam you can do that with most
carriers including giants like AT&T
Verizon Sprint and t-mobile even if it
won't stop spam immediately and
altogether it will contribute to the
overall effort of fighting it since the
sender will be blocked for good the more
spam texts you report the
these centers will have to stop their
bad business number three
block the number the most obvious thing
to do when you get unwanted
correspondence is to block the sender
yes it's a great way to stop one
particular number from ever contacting
you again
iPhones Androids and windows phones all
have this option even though the way of
doing it varies slightly from phone to
phone the only problem with this method
is that spamming companies also know
about it so they use many different SIM
cards to reach you
still it will cut at least one
communication channel for them for
opt-out of marketing texts just like
with marketing emails there are texts
you receive because you personally
subscribe to them once by filling out a
form at a store or leaving your phone
number online in this case but only in
this case you can actually respond to
unwanted messages and text stop to the
number that's bombarding you with
information you don't really need it's
the company's legal duty to be attentive
to your preferences and remove you from
their mailing list if that doesn't help
contact the company on their official
website or give them a call
how to stop spam calls number one pick
up the phone
well ignoring a call from a suspicious
or unknown number seems like the best
thing to do it's quite the opposite but
picking it up and screaming at the
spammer also isn't an option what you
need to do is answer the call but remain
silent the robots that make the calls
wait for a human voice to respond no
matter what you say it'll work against
you since it'll let them know you're a
real human being then you'll be
forwarded to a call center where an
operator will try to get your personal
and financial details when you say
nothing the robot will disconnect you in
no time so don't say anything when a
stranger calls and wait for them to
speak to you to try the not in service
method it's in spammers hunt for active
phone users make them believe you aren't
one record the this number has been
disconnected or is no longer in service
message on your phone and play it
whenever spammers call just make sure
there's no noises or voices in the
background normally this will guarantee
you're removed from at least one spam
calling list
three use a special app as a smartphone
user you can choose from multiple apps
that track and block fraudulent calls a
lot of them are free well some cost a
few bucks you can also simply block all
anonymous and private calls by dialing
star 7 7 to undo the block simply dial
star 8 7 4 ask them to not call you
again just like emails and texts some
spam calls come from widget companies
that you bought something from or gave
permission to inform you of their nukes
if that's the case instead of blocking
them number by number just pick up the
phone and politely but firmly ask to be
removed from their database so is spam a
serious problem for you let us know in
the comments below don't forget to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe not
unsubscribe to stay on the bright side
of life
[Music]